API Cleanup (#250)
mapbox/mapbox-maps-ios: CHANGELOG.md

- `AnnotationManager` no longer conforms to `Observer` and no longer has a `peer` ([#246](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-ios/pull/246))
- `AnnotationSupportableMap` is now internal ([#246](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-ios/pull/246))

- #### MapView

>     * Initializer has been change to `public init(frame: CGRect, resourceOptions: ResourceOptions, glyphsRasterizationOptions: GlyphsRasterizationOptions = GlyphsRasterizationOptions.default, styleURI: StyleURI? = .streets)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Initializer has been changed to `public init(frame: CGRect, resourceOptions: ResourceOptions, glyphsRasterizationOptions: GlyphsRasterizationOptions = GlyphsRasterizationOptions.default, styleURI: StyleURI? = .streets)`.
```

>     * The following 4 functions have been removed: 

Reviewer 2: can/should we explain why?

Reviewer 3: +1

I think this is related to the concern I expressed in https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-ios/pull/250#discussion_r608850732

I don't like the idea of removing these 4 if we don't have a replacement ready for them. I could see that being something that would prevent folks from upgrading to our next beta.

Author: This is quite a large change so I understand why. But my understanding of deprecating these were because they were not being used actively

Author: @sbma44 just talked to Julian, we are going to revert this for now

        * `public func coordinate(for point: CGPoint, in view: UIView? = nil) -> CLLocationCoordinate2D`
        * `public func point(for coordinate: CLLocationCoordinate2D, in view: UIView? = nil) -> CGPoint`
        * `public func coordinateBounds(for view: UIView) -> CoordinateBounds`
        * `public func rect(for coordinateBounds: CoordinateBounds, in view: UIView? = nil) -> CGRect`
    * `OrnamentSupportableMapView` is not internal.

- #### Ornaments
    * `LayoutPosition` has been deprecated in favor of `OrnamentPosition`.
    * `LayoutVisibility` has been depracted in favor of `OrnamentVisibility`.
    * `showsLogoView` has been renamed to `_showsLogoView`.

>     * `showsCompass` and `showsScale` have been depracted. You should now use the visibility properties to set how the Compass and Scale Bar should be shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `showsCompass` and `showsScale` have been deprecated. Visibility properties can be used to set how the Compass and Scale Bar should be shown.
```

- #### Foundation
    * `cancelTransitions` has been renamed to `cancelAnimations`.

>     * [`setCamera()`](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-ios/pull/250/files#diff-8fa667141ac423a208a6e7036ed759e7e52fc6940bd58834c1935c2c6ead9c65L177) with individual params,has been deprecated in favor of [this](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-ios/blob/edbf08e37975c81c7ee1cbc4bb046c48d522d306/Sources/MapboxMaps/Foundation/Camera/CameraManager.swift#L140) one that requires `CameraOptions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [`setCamera()`](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-ios/pull/250/files#diff-8fa667141ac423a208a6e7036ed759e7e52fc6940bd58834c1935c2c6ead9c65L177) with individual parameters has been deprecated in favor of [setCamera(to targetCamera: CameraOptions...)](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-ios/blob/edbf08e37975c81c7ee1cbc4bb046c48d522d306/Sources/MapboxMaps/Foundation/Camera/CameraManager.swift#L140) which requires `CameraOptions`.
```

>     * The following camera convenience functions have been deprecated:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * The following camera convenience functions have been removed:
```

        * `public func transitionCoordinateBounds(newCoordinateBounds: CoordinateBounds, animated: Bool = false)`
        * `public func transitionCoordinateBounds(to newCoordinateBounds: CoordinateBounds, edgePadding: UIEdgeInsets, animated: Bool = false, completion: ((UIViewAnimatingPosition) -> Void)? = nil)`
        * `public func transitionVisibleCoordinates(newCoordinates: [CLLocationCoordinate2D], edgePadding: UIEdgeInsets, animated: Bool = false)`
        * `public func transitionVisibleCoordinates(to newCoordinates: [CLLocationCoordinate2D], edgePadding: UIEdgeInsets, bearing: CLLocationDirection, duration: TimeInterval, animated: Bool = false, completion: ((UIViewAnimatingPosition) -> Void)? = nil)`
        * `public func resetPosition()`
        * `public func resetNorth(_ animated: Bool = false)`

>     * In `CameraAnimator`, `fractionComplete` is now of type `Double`, and `delayFactor` now returns a `Double`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * In `CameraAnimator`, `fractionComplete` is now of type `Double` and `delayFactor` now returns a `Double`.
```

    * `EventType` is internal.
    * `MBXEdgeInsets` extension is internal.
    * `ScreenCoordinate` extension is internal.
    * `MapboxLogoView` has been renamed to `LogoView`.
    * `MapboxLogoSize` has been renamed to `LogoSize`.

- #### Style
    * Initializer is now marked as internal.
    * `styleUri` has been renamed to `uri`.
    * The `url` property from `StyleURL` has been removed.

- #### Expressions

>     * `ExpressionBuilder` has been renamed to `FunctionBuilder`.

Reviewer 3: Why did we decide to do this?

Reviewer 3: `ExpressionBuilder` seems more specific & clear to me

Author: I think this was decided when I left the meeting so not sure of the context.

Reviewer 3: Okay, let's move forward with the change. I'll add a note to revisit this in the doc

Reviewer 4: We undid this :)

Reviewer 4: This was supposed to be the `@_functionBuilder` :)
